HOW TO LOAD AND RUN THE PROGRAM :

step 1:On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.Under the repository name, click Clone or download.

step 2:In the Clone with HTTPs section, click to copy the clone URL for the repository.

step 3:Open Git Bash.Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.

step 4:Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied (example : git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY)

step 5:Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.

step 6:open text editor(preferably pycharm).

step 7:open terminal

step 8:install django (command : pip install django)

step 9: command -> python manage.py makemigrations

step 10:command -> python manage.py migrate

step 11:command -> python manage.py runserver




PROGRAM FLOW :

step 1:After running the server, a link appears (http://127.0.0.1:8000/) click on it and homepage opens.

step 2:The homepage shows the list of available documents to download/view. To download or upload the user needs to sign in.

step 3:For logging in, On the top right of the navigation bar login option is given.Click on that and a dialog box opens where the user can enter the username and password.

step 4:If the user is new he needs to signup. For signing up, On the top right of the navigation bar signup option is given.Click on that and a dialog box opens where the user can enter the signup details.

step 5:After logging in the user has been given options to download and view the documents for every post available.Click on them and the file gets downloaded/viewed in a new tab.

step 6:For uploading a file.The user needs to select the username displayed on the top right of the navigation bar.A list of options are displayed, select the upload option.
       The user is redirected to upload panel where he can upload the files.The user is given a choose option from which he can browse and select the files.Title and description of the file is added and then submitted.

step 7:For checking the user's profile.user needs to select the username displayed on the top right of the navigation bar.A list of options are displayed, select the profile option.
       The user is redirected to profile panel where he can view the uploads he has done and can also delete the previously made uploads.

step 8:For logging out.user needs to select the username displayed on the top right of the navigation bar.A list of options are displayed, select the loggout option.
       The user is redirected to homepage.




